+++Generic:
I'm disgusted, I'm repulsed... And I can't look away.
I'll be in my bunk. 
It's fun, it's naked, and I agree with both of them!
You know the truth of my past? Then tell me, who am I? Why am I here? And why do I feel so very comfortable in leather? 
Vibration does what no hand can!
I'm just your typical girl next door. Provided that you live next door to an amusement park.
Hey, don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone I love.
There's one thing to be said about masturbation: you certainly don't have to look your best.
You choke the chicken before any big date don't you? Tell me you spank the monkey before any big date. Oh my God, he doesn't flog the dolphin before a big date. Are you crazy? That's like going out there with a loaded gun! Of course that's why you're nervous.
Well, if it isn't Casanova, the man who seduced himself.
Have you tried... you know, indulging yourself? Honest to Gods, it really doesn't make you go blind...
I'm gonna sleep with you under my pillow once I'm done with you.
What is love? Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.
Young males tend to have an unhealthy obsession with my species. 
Blimey, fish from space have never been so...buxom. 
More! Better orgasms. More touching. We really are demon goddesses of lust.
All you gotta do is snap your fingers, and boom! You're an officially-licensed lesbian!
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt? On a good day, lipstick.
You met me at a very strange time in my life.
Those shoes are definitely bi-curious.
Baby hurt me more..oh yeah...more...oh yeaaaaaaahh
+++Complements:
Ooh, I'd give you your drivers licence...
I wanna do something really naughty to you!
Oh Myyy...
So, do you come here often?
That’s a gorgeous dress. Can I talk you out of it?
I was a Boy Scout, honey – you should see what I can do with some rope.
Can I be the Helicase to your DNA, and unzip your genes?
Lucky Pierre!
You ain't seen nothing yet.
What's a knockout like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this?
+++Insults:
YOU DARE SPEAK TO ME?
Oh, yeah, that's the way! I can't wait to see you cry!
You talk too much.
You're such a naughty boy!
Come on, bark like you mean it!
Do you wish to be punished for your insolence?
Do not disobey me again.